Cas d'utilisation N° 1 : Importation de données

Haut niveau

Description

- Importation de données géographiques et spatiales 
- Insérer ces données dans une BDD

Le but est de pouvoir exploiter ces données pour créer / modifier des cartes


Déclencheur : Besoin d'avoir de nouvelles données / mettre à jour des données
Acteur Primaire: Gestionnaire
Parties Prenantes concernées : Designer / Réalisateur

Preconditions

Il doit avoir des connaissances en base de données

Scenario Nominal

FIXME_[tout ce passe bien c'est le scénario parfait .]_

    TODO
    TODO
    TODO
    TODO

Extensions

FIXME Moins bien [Document alternate flows and exceptions to the main success scenario. Extensions are branches from the main scenario, and numbering should align with the step of the success scenario where the branch occurs.]

FIXME Indiquez dans quel point du scenario nominal le chemin alternatif démarre et ou il reprend.
Post Conditions
Conditions de succès

FIXME [Describe the end condition of the Use Case where the Primary Actor’s goal is satisfied]
Minimal Guarantees

FIXME [Describe the guarantee or assurance that this Use Case provides to all Actors and Stakeholders to protect their interest regardless of whether the Use Case ends with success or failure.]
Conditions final en cas d'échec

FIXME [Describe the end condition that results if the Primary Actor fails to accomplish his goal.]

FIXME les variables suivantes sont optionnelles.
Frequence

FIXME [Indicate how often the use case is expected to occur. This information aids designers and developers in understanding capacity requirements.]
Besoins Spéciaux (optionel)

FIXME [Describe any additional factors that impact the execution of the use case. These could be environmental, regulatory, organizational or market-driven in nature.]
Performance
Security
Usability / Accessibility
Other
Problèmes et étapes suivantes

FIXME [Note any issues related to the definition of this use case that will require clarification prior to development. Also list any follow-up work that needs to be done prior to sign-off on the use case.]

FIXME définir ce qui pose problème dans la description actuelle du cas d'utilisation.
FIXME vous pouvez ajouter ici un lien vers une issue github ou un carte de projet github.

TBR
